My dear Ethan

This is one of the hardest things I have ever had to do. This is NOT goodbye, this is something new for the both of us.

After 7 years here I realized I miss my parents, my brother and my childhood friends. I would like to spend some quality time with them. My parents are getting older and I feel like I need to spend some quality time with them before it's too late. My dad is 67 and my mum is turning 60 next year. It's still very hard as you are my family too and I know this is very difficult for you too.

I've known you for more than half of your life. These were 6 and a half critical years. During this time we created a unique and special bond that will never be broken, regardless where we physically are. It's such a shame that New Zealand is so far away from the rest of the world.

I'm proud being your step-dad and hope to always do this job well. To me you will always be my step-son. You are a great kid, so well behaved, smart, sensitive, good looking and full of life. While I'm away I want to hear all the stories with all the detail. I also know you'll do great at fencing, just remember to keep challenging yourself if you want to be the best!

I love you my boy, love you to bits. This is a love that will stay forever. I feel lucky to have earned the love of such an amazing person as yourself. This is NOT goodbye! This is a new beginning. I know you and I are strong and will help each other get used to this new routine. I'm sure we can do it together.

I will NEVER stop loving you, caring for you or thinking about you. I will always look forward and count the weeks until we physically see each other again. When you're old enough to visit me, I'll wait for you with open arms! You will always be welcome at my place, my mum's place or anyone else in my family whereever that may be. They all love you too!

This is how I see us getting used to this new routine and your mum supports this too:
- I will call you once a week to hear how you're doing and share with you my experiences. I would like to speak to you over phone or use skype with video. I would like to see you grow-up and not miss much as much as possible
- I will send you postcards from time to time
- I will come to visit you once every year until you're old enough to visit me (I already have a return ticket)
- I will give you a local number in Wellington so you can reach me anytime and talk about anything and everything

I love you Ethan and always will. you are and will always be my special boy. This is NOT Goodbye, this is starting a new chapter in both our lives. It will be hard for a while but I promise you, you and I will get through this together.

Yours lovingly,
Your step-dad Tomer
XX OO

Now it's your turn, please tell me how you would like to keep in touch while I'm away. And also how would you like the routine to be before I go overseas.
